# Final project in course "Deep Learning", semester 1 
### author: Simon Shtock
### dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/aguado/bike-rental-data-set-uci

## Description

The existing bicycle rental systems in large cities have a system automated collection and return of the vehicle through a network of stations distributed throughout the entire metropolis. With the use of these systems, people can rent a bike in a location and return it in a different one depending on your needs. The data generated by these systems are attractive to researchers due to variables such as the duration of the trip, departure and destination points and travel time. Therefore, exchange systems Bicycles work as a network of sensors that are useful for mobility studies. With In order to improve management, one of these companies needs to anticipate the demand that there will be in a certain range of time depending on factors such as the time zone, the type day (weekday or holiday), the weather, etc.

**The objective of this data set is to predict the demand in a series of specific time slots, using the historical data set as the basis to build a linear model.**

## Data Description

Two data sets will be delivered containing the number of rented bicycles in different time slots:

1. Training data. They will contain the response variable (number of bicycles rented in that strip)
2. Test data. They will not contain the response variable and the response variable must be predicted based on on the historical data of the training set.

The variables present in the 2 data sets are:

- id: time slot identifier (not related to time order)
- year: year (2011 or 2012)
- hour: hour of the day (0 to 23)
- season: 1 = winter, 2 = spring, 3 = summer, 4 = autumn
- holiday: if the day was a holiday
- workingday: if the day was a working day (neither a holiday nor a weekend)
- weather: four categories (1 to 4) ranging from best to worst weather
- temp: temperature in degrees Celsius
- atemp: sensation of temperature in degrees Celsius
- humidity: relative humidity
- windspeed: wind speed (km/h)
- count (only in the training set): total number of rentals in that band